en: update tableFilter usage and bump tidb to 4.0.6 (#708)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-to-s3.md

* `spec.s3.region`: configures the Region where Amazon S3 is located if you want to use Amazon S3 for backup storage.
* `.spec.s3.bucket`: the name of the bucket compatible with S3 storage.
* `.spec.s3.prefix`: this field can be ignored. If you set this field, it will be used to make up the remote storage path `s3://${.spec.s3.bucket}/${.spec.s3.prefix}/backupName`.

> * `.spec.dumpling`: Dumpling-related configurations. You can specify Dumpling's operation parameters in the `options` field. See [Dumpling Option list](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dumpling-overview#option-list-of-dumpling) for more information. These configuration items of Dumpling can be ignored by default. When not specified, the default value of `options` is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.spec.dumpling`: Dumpling-related configurations. You can specify Dumpling's operation parameters in the `options` field. See [Dumpling Option list](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dumpling-overview#option-list-of-dumpling) for more information. These configuration items of Dumpling can be ignored by default. When these items are not specified, the default values of `options` fields are as follows:
```

    ```
    options:
    - --threads=16
    - --rows=10000
    ```

* `.spec.storageClassName`: the persistent volume (PV) type specified for the backup operation.
* `.spec.storageSize`: the PV size specified for the backup operation (`100 Gi` by default). This value must be greater than the size of the TiDB cluster to be backed up.

    The PVC name corresponding to the `Backup` CR of a TiDB cluster is fixed. If the PVC already exists in the cluster namespace and the size is smaller than `spec.storageSize`, you need to delete this PVC and then run the Backup job.

> * `.spec.tableFilter`: BR only backs up tables that match the [table filter rules](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/table-filter/). This field can be ignored by default. If not configured, the default value of `tableFilter` is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `.spec.tableFilter`: Dumpling only backs up tables that match the [table filter rules](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/table-filter/). This field can be ignored by default. If the field is not configured, the default value of `tableFilter` is as follows:
```
